"Long live the king!". \\\\\\\\\ You sit atop your father's throne, now passed down to you. The whole kingdom of Ratopolis and all its people are yours to command. Will you lead it to greatness, or will everything that your father created come crashing down in ruin? This is your story. \\\\\\\\\\\\\\ Press Space to continue.
All of the surrounding kingdoms noticed that Ratopolis' military had massively decreased in recent times. Its standing army was a meagre force of inexperienced soldiers with sharpened sticks for weapons. As a result, the kingdoms launched attack after attack, carving away land from Ratopolis into their own kingdoms until none was left and the great Ratopolis was lost. This is the end of your reign.
Ratopolis has run out of money. Your people are sure that you must be hoarding it all for yourself and are starting riots in the streets. Chaos runs rampant in your kingdom and many of your subjects have moved to neighbouring lands to find work. Ratopolis is a husk of the grand country it once was.
An unlikely coalition has been formed between all of your neighbouring kingdoms. They have been brought together by their common hatred of Ratopolis. Armies march towards the capital from all sides, I'm afraid that this is the end for Ratopolis.
The people of Ratopolis openly curse your name in the streets. Even your generals have been muttering foul words behind your back. It isn't long before an angry mob of peasants break into the throne room and drag you into the streets. You are publically humiliated as people chuck rotten fruit and excrement at you. This is the end of your reign.
Ratopolis has run out of food. Many rats have starved to death in their own homes, whilst the rest have been killed by an out of control plague that has been spreading from all the rotting corpses that litter the streets. Ratopolis will never recover to its former glory. This is the end of your reign.
King Meowthew himself makes the journey to Ratopolis to personally thank you. "Despite the rocky past between our two nations, I'm sure that this is the beginning of a new, prosperous era for all rats and cats alike!".
You receive a response in the form of an army of cats at your doorstep. They carve their way through you personal guard, and King Meowthew steps into your throne room, a bloody sword at his side. His voice echoes through the room as he strides up to where you sit, "If you are not our friend, you are our enemy!". The last thing you see is his sword arching down towards you. This is the end of your reign.
Your forces were routed by Purrcival's superior army, leaving Ratopolis undefended. A quick counter attack by Purrcival followed, which effortlessly tore its way through Ratopolis, right to your castle. You are pulled down from your throne and publically tortured in front of your own subjects, before passing away in a cold, damp cell under your own castle. This is the end of your reign.
Your subjects view the refugee cats with mistrust and suspicion. Many are physically abused and forced back into the Cat Kingdom where they are subjected to even worse punishments by Purrcival. Relations between Ratopolis and the Cat Kingdom hang on a thin thread that could snap at any point.
Your forces are overwhelmed. Purrcival bursts into you throne room, his sword dripping with rat blood. "Filthy creatures, rats." he mutters to himself as he brings his sword down across your neck. This is the end of your reign.
King Purrcival's army swept through Ratopolis with no resistance. He enters your throne room, backed by a dozen cat guards. As he approaches your throne, a slow chuckle grows from his mouth. "You didn't think I'd actually hold up my end of the bargin?" he hisses as he plunges his sword through your chest. This is the end of your reign.
The throne room doors burst open to reveal the commander of your armies, covered in blood and dirt. In his hand he clutches the severed head of King Purrcival. "The battle is won, my liege, but at great cost of rat lives.". Your reign will continue, but you can't help but wonder if there was a better way to achieve it.
Your defenses had barely lasted a week before your food supplies started going bad. Many of your subjects grew restless, locked in their stone prison. Eventually, riots broke out and cat soldiers were let into the castle. You are to be publically executed in front of your own subjects. This is the end of your reign.
You enter a magificent banquet hall and take your seat beside King Purrcival. "I must thank you" he begins, "with the Cat Kingdom under my belt and you disposed of, Ratopolis will be a piece of cake to occupy". A sharp sting in your stomach follows. You look down to see gouts of blood pouring from a dagger, stuck through your chest. This is the end of your reign.
Weeks later, an exasperated rat enters your throne room. "My lord, we have learned that King Purrcival planned to murder you at the banquet. He is rallying his troops and means to march on Ratopolis!". Many more years of war with the Cat Kingdom follow. You can't help but wonder if there was a better outcome that could've occured during your reign.
A response from King Meowthew arrives with the following message: "I always knew Purrcival was a traitorous liar. I'm glad that you never considered joining his coup. I believe that it is time for Ratopolis and the Cat Kingdom to work together as allies, to build a future better than the past!".
King Meowthew's response came in the form of a surprise army at your doorstep. They carve their way through your personal guard, and King Meowthew steps into your throne room, a bloody sword at his side. His voice echoes though the chamber as he strides up to your throne. "You plotted with a traitor, that makes you a problem that must be swiftly dealt with.". The last thing you see is his sword arching down towards you. This is the end of your reign.
You are riding in your stage coach on your way to the feast, just about to cross over the border of the Cat Kingdom, when you hear the sounds of arrows flying and swords clashing. You carriage comes to an abrupt stop, and the door crashes open to reveal a furious Purrcival surrounded by a dozen disheveled cats carrying blood-stained spears and pitchforks. "Well look who just fell into my trap" Purrcival snarls, "I'm afraid this will be your last stop, little rat...". This is the end of your reign.
You receive a reply from King Meowthew a few days later, stating that he has just had reports that Purrcival's supporters have been preying on travellers near our border, so it was likely for the best that you didn't make the journey to the Cat Kingdom. With your forces combined you quickly deal with the bandits, and capture Purrcival once and for all. This was the beginning of a new, prosperous age where rat and cat worked together.
Your throne room doors burst open to reveal the commander of your armies, clutching Purrcival's severed head in his hand. "My liege, the day is won! Our ambush worked perfectly! We quickly dispatched Purrcival's infantry with our surprise attack. The archers that remained couldn't get a clean shot on us due to the dense foliage, allowing us to finish them off with minimal casualties. Huzzah!". You breathe a sign of relief. This is the beginning of a thriving future for Ratopolis.
Your throne room doors burst open to reveal the commander of your armies, covered in blood. "My liege! Purrcival defeated our soldiers and is marching here as we speak! We dispatched his archers with our ambush, but his infantry formed up and surrounded our forces! It was a massacre! You must flee, my lord, for Purrcival is marching here and wants your head!". This is the end of your reign.